[DOC-582][DOC-598][CLOUDGA-24878][CLOUDGA-25342][doc][ybm][cli] Docs for VM, Prometheus, Google Cloud (#25334)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-monitor/managed-integrations.md

- Prometheus instance
  - Deployed in a VPC on AWS or GCP.
  - [OTLP Receiver](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#otlp-receiver) feature flag enabled.

>   {{< note title="Note" >}}

Author: @atharva-yb please review the change.

Reviewer: LGTM

> The OTLP Receiver feature flag differs between Prometheus versions. Ensure you check the appropriate documentation for your Prometheus version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How you enable the OTLP Receiver feature flag differs between Prometheus versions. Be sure to check the appropriate documentation for your version of Prometheus.
```
